# Guest Lecture Response
* **Guest Lecturer:** `Leland Vakarian`
* **Company:** `MITRE`
* **Date:** `11/07/24`



## Pertinent Questions
* Question 1
    - As a shelf software developer, is it more or less difficult when working on teams vs solo?

* Question 2
    - When learning different skillsets, is it best to master what your company wants/needs? Or is it better to learn and develop new skills to bring to your company?

* Question 3
    - In dev ops, is the software testing done in verifying? If so, if you verified that there is an issue, do you restart the loop?

* Question 4
    - You said to not worry about learning/mastering every skill/technology associated with the dev ops. With that being said, what are some of the key skills you think should be prioritized over others? In other words what are most useful/most commonly used.

## Lessons Learned
Don't get attached to a project as it will often change. The heptagon of configuration illustrates how software engineering tends to repeat.

You can't learn everything but learn as much as you can. Always take up company offers to train on new skills.

Don't hide all your secrets for job security.

Strategies aren’t always set in stone. There is a good probability that your design can and will change. 

Note taking is an important part of software engineerig. Even if you aren't the system admin, you can follow similar notetaking ideologies.

## Lessons Learned different from course
Dev ops is another way to do and work around software engineering. 
