deliverables/sdp.md, before:

# Software Development Plan

### Communication Plan
* **Administrative**
    - *Meeting Locations* (Decided Weekly)
        - Library
        - Computer Lab in Russ
        - Student Union
        - Russ Lobby
        - Virtual (Discord)
    - *Meeting Times*
        - Every Thursday 12:20~1:20pm 
    - *Communicating Plan* (Meeting Structure & Cadence)
        - Spend time opening a progress report on one’s current work.
            - In-person and for virtual meetings. 
            - Justification for communication plan - We decided to meet both in-person and have virtual meeting to make it easier if one of the team members miss a meeting.
    - *Project Management*
        - Excel (Gannt chart), word doc and markdown on GitHub
            - Organize thoughts, schedule timings and work progress.
- **SDLC Details**
    - *Scrum*
        - When using scrum, we are actively assigning tasks to one another. Setting deadlines, progress and completion dates.

### Timeline
- **MVSs** (Minimal viable specification)
    - Game Board GUI
    - Moveable/Functional Game Pieces
- **Milestones** (Check-Ins)
    - End of the Week (Thursday 12:20~1:20pm)
- **Requirement Specification**
    - Allow user to move pieces on a clickable GUI
- **Design Specification**
    - Java-designed game with multiple classes working together to complete functionality.
- **Gannt Chart** <br>
![Gannt](Gannt.png)

Commit message:

Updated Software Development Plan PM and timeline
Updated the project management section to reflect my individual tasks and the reasoning behind the established timelines.

Also updated the timeline section to display the deadlines established for each individual assignment assigned to me.

deliverables/sdp.md, after:

# Software Development Plan

### Communication Plan
* **Administrative**
    - *Meeting Locations* (Decided Weekly)
        - Library
        - Computer Lab in Russ
        - Student Union
        - Russ Lobby
        - Virtual (Discord)
    - *Meeting Times*
        - Every Thursday 12:20~1:20pm 
    - *Communicating Plan* (Meeting Structure & Cadence)
        - Spend time opening a progress report on one’s current work.
            - In-person and for virtual meetings. 
        - Justification for communication plan - We decided to meet both in-person and have virtual meeting to make it easier if one of the team members miss a meeting.
    - *Project Management*
        - Excel (Gannt chart), word doc and markdown on GitHub
            - Organize thoughts, schedule timings and work progress.
        - Board/GUI: Two weeks was given for this as the first week was used to research Java GUI libraries and software platforms before creating that would coincide with the settings GUI also being worked on during this timeframe. The second week was used designing and creating the Checkers GUI.
        - AI/Bot: Two weeks were given for this as the first week will be used to begin work and determine if the two week justification will be adequate by the deadline. 

- **SDLC Details**
    - *Scrum*
        - When using scrum, we are actively assigning tasks to one another. Setting deadlines, progress and completion dates.

### Timeline
- **MVSs** (Minimal viable specification)
    - Game Board GUI
    - Moveable/Functional Game Pieces
- **Milestones** (Check-Ins)
    - End of the Week (Thursday 12:20~1:20pm)
    - 10/03: Board/GUI deadline was set because as a main top level component, its existence helps us test and continue production for the backend of the checkers game mechanics.
    - 10/17: AI/Bot deadline was set for this date as it's components function off of the game mechanics and require the game mechanic backend to function properly. 
- **Requirement Specification**
    - Allow user to move pieces on a clickable GUI
- **Design Specification**
    - Java-designed game with multiple classes working together to complete functionality.
- **Gannt Chart** <br>
![Gannt](Gannt.png)
