# Meeting Minutes (09/19/2024)

## Administrivia
* Time: 12:20pm
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204
* Scribe: Logan Scarberry

## Agenda
* Complete User Stories
* Updated ReadMe to display our group member names and education.
* Complete Meeting Minutes
* Discuss tasks for the following week.

## Notes
* Vichaka and Logan spoke to Professor Cogan, clarifying the format of user stories.
    * 2 stories per person. 1 from a user perspective, the other from the team developer perspective. We can have more than 2.
    * Cogan mentioned that because of Michael's medical absence, to note that at the bottom of the user story submission.
* Mo and Logan discussed how the work being accomplished in the backend would be accomplished and work together.
    * The board's GUI would highlight to display available moves. These available moves would be pulled from the game mechanics designed by Mo.
* Vichaka updated the ReadMe to display our group information.

## Action Items
* Vichaka
  * Research good libraries for designing GUIs.
  * Begin work on GUI.
* Logan
  * Create the GUI for the Checkers game.
* Mo
  * Begin work on game mechanic functionality.

## Signatures
* ...
* Muhammad Syed
* Vichaka Houi
